♪ ♪
YOU DON'T CARE...
ABOUT WHAT OTHER
PEOPLE THINK ANYMORE
IT'S ABOUT KIND OF WHAT YOU
FEEL ABOUT YOURSELF AND
WHAT YOU KIND OF WANT
TO BRING TO THE WORLD
♪ ♪
♪ (VOCALIZING) ♪
♪ THE DOOR IS OPEN
TO GO THROUGH ♪
♪ IF I COULD I
WOULD COME TOO ♪
♪ BUT THE PATH
IS MADE BY YOU ♪
♪ AS YOU'RE WALKING, START
SINGING AND STOP TALKING ♪
♪ OH ♪
♪ IF I COULD HEAR
MYSELF WHEN I SAY ♪
♪ OH ♪
♪ LOVE IS BIGGER THAN
ANYTHING IN ITS WAY ♪
♪ OH - OH - OH
OH - OH - OH ♪
♪ SO YOUNG TO BE THE
WORDS OF YOUR OWN SONG ♪
♪ I KNOW THE RAGE
IN YOU IS STRONG ♪
♪ WRITE A WORLD
WHERE WE CAN BELONG ♪
♪ TO EACH OTHER AND
SING IT LIKE NO OTHER ♪
♪ OH ♪
♪ IF I COULD HEAR
MYSELF WHEN I SAY ♪
♪ OH ♪
♪ LOVE IS BIGGER THAN
ANYTHING IN ITS WAY ♪
♪ OH - OH - OH
OH - OH - OH ♪
♪ IF THE MOONLIGHT CAUGHT
YOU CRYING ON KILLINEY BAY ♪
♪ OH SING YOUR SONG,
LET YOUR SONG BE SUNG ♪
♪ IF YOU LISTEN YOU CAN
HEAR THE SILENCE SAY ♪
♪ WHEN YOU THINK YOU'RE
DONE, YOU'VE JUST BEGUN ♪
♪ ♪
♪ LOVE IS BIGGER THAN
ANYTHING IN ITS WAY ♪
♪ LOVE IS BIGGER ♪
♪ THAN ANYTHING IN ITS WAY
(OH - OH - OH - OH - OH - OH) ♪
♪ OH - OH - OH
OH - OH - OH ♪
♪ ♪